tap config-specified key on every mouse cursor movement event (#1598)
jtroo/kanata: docs/config.adoc

(deflayer block • • _ )
----

[[mouse-movement-key]]
=== Linux or Windows-interception only: mouse-movement-key

> tap a specified key when a mouse cursor movement is received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accepts a single key name.
When configured, whenever a mouse cursor movement is received,
the configured key name will be "tapped" by Kanata,
activating the key's action.
```

> This enables repoorting of every relative mouse movement, which corresponds to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables reporting of every relative mouse movement, which corresponds to
```

standard mice, trackballs, trackpads and trackpoints. Absolute movements, which can
be generated by touchscreens, drawing tablets and some mouse replacement or
accessibility software, are ignored. Scrolling events and mouse buttons are also
ignored.

The intended use of these events is to provide a way to automatically enable a mouse
keys layer while mousing, which can be disabled by a timeout or typing on other keys,
rather than explicit toggling. see cfg_examples/automousekeys-*.kbd for more.

> mvmt is a special key provided for this purpose which does not map to an output,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mvmt` key name is specially intended for this purpose.
It has no output key mapping
```

> and cannot be supplied as an action, however any key may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and cannot be supplied as an action; however, any key may be used.
```
